                 Non Commercial-use Programming Manipulation License
                                    Version 1
                                  May 16th, 2022

Copyright (c) 2022 xmlsax. Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim
copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                                    Preamable

    The Non Commercial-use Programming Manipulation License is a free, copyright
license for software only.

    Developers that use the Non Commercial-use Programming Manipulation License
protect your rights with two steps: (1) assert copyright on the software, and 
(2) offer you this License giving you legal permission to copy, distribute 
and/or modify it.

    The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.

                              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    0. Definitions.

    "This license" refers to version 1 of the Non Commercial-use programming 
manipulation license.

    "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License. 
Each licensee is addressed as "you".  "Licensees" and "recipients" may be indiv-
iduals or organizations.

    1. Terms of redistributing.

    To redistribute a work means to upload/publish a work without modifying it.
The redistribution should be marked as "redistributed" or "copied" and should
indicate the official version's provenance. The license of the redistribution
must be this license.
    Compiling the program with other programs is also redistributiing.

    2. Terms of using.

    Commercial usage of the program is not allowed unless all of the licensees
agree.

    Providing web service, including both server and client site, is not allowed
unless one of the licensees agrees.

    For more conditions, see 3 and 4.

    3. Terms of modifying.

    To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a 
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work 
"based on" the earlier work.

    Modified version of the program must have the same license, indicate
the unmodified version's provenance and be marked as modified.

    4. Terms of importing.

    To import a work means to use a work in other programs, but not modifying.
Importing the program, for example linking and using the function "system", 
is always allowed. The new program can be close-source, but should indicate the
imported program's provenance.

    5. Terms of programming languages.

    If the program is a programming language, then programs written in this
can be close-source anyway.

    6. Books and others.

    To quote code from the program in anywhere except other programs, the only
thing the writers have to do is to indicate the program's provenance.

    7. The program itself.

    The program must be open-source.
    The program must keep the same license forever.

                           END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    To use this license, you have to add it to your project files and add an
indication of the license this project uses. This is an example:

    This project can be redistributed, modified and used in other programs
under the Non Commercial-use Program Manipulation License.

                                     CREDITS

    Thanks for devoter-fyc and yizigezi for some help in this license.


